Reviewer's Comments:

Comments to the Author This paper presents an interesting new
observational result for the strong gravitational lens B1555+375,
along with an abundance of poorly supported conjecture.  The
observations of B1555+375 should be published, but the authors should
either remove their speculations, or (more usefully) provide evidence
in support of them.

CLASS B1555+375 is one of the "poster child" gravitational lens
systems.  It is famous for its prototypical flux ratio anomaly, which
has been cited as evidence for dark matter substructure in this
system.  The new result presented in this paper is near-infrared
imaging with Keck and HST which reveals a linear structure in the lens
galaxy emission consistent with an edge-on thin disk.  Most
intriguingly, this structure passes near the anomalous images, and
could explain the observed flux anomaly without the need to invoke
dark matter substructure.  This would be an important result, and
hence s`hould be published.

However, the discussion in the paper lacks important quantitative
details.  For example, the paper does not describe the total
luminosity of the disky component, compared to the spheroidal
component of the lens galaxy.  This is important because the lens
model discussed in the paper requires the disk component to comprise ~
10% of the mass within the Einstein radius, and it is unclear if that
large mass fraction is consistent with the photometry shown in Figure
1.

More importantly, the large disk component in the lens model produces
a significant distortion to the usually ellipsoidal critical curves
found in strong lenses, as shown in Fig 3.  It has long been known
that such departures from ellipsoidal density distributions are
tightly constrained by extended emission from the source galaxies,
e.g. arcs and Einstein rings that span a large range of azimuthal
angle.  The imaging shown in Fig 2 exhibits faint extended arclets
from the source galaxy that could constrain disky components in the
lens mass distribution, but the lens modeling in the paper neglects to
fit the extended emission, and instead only models the positions and
fluxes of the pointlike radio quasar.  The signal-to-noise of the
extended emission may be too low to provide meaningful constraints,
but given that the authors have this data in hand, and given that the
authors have considerable experience modeling this type of extended
emission in lens systems, they should attempt to fit the observed
arclets to see if a 10% mass fraction in an off-center thin disk is
consistent with the observed arclets.

The final section of the paper speculates that massive disc components
may be prevalent in strong lenses, and that such discs may bias
inferences on the abundance of dark matter substructure using strong
lensing.  The authors fail to provide evidence supporting these
speculations, even though they have the data to do so.  As noted
above, strong lenses with extended source emission (arcs and rings)
tightly constrain the presence of thin components in lens galaxies.
In some cases with Einstein rings, disc components are excluded from
contributing more than percent-level fractions of the mass density.
It would therefore be highly surprising for a substantial fraction of
strong lenses to contain hidden, massive edge-on discs that could
distort the lensing so significantly, as the paper intimates.

Rather than wildly speculating, the authors could easily check the
plausibility of this claim.  A number of the authors were members of
the SLACS collaboration, whose dataset contains many lenses with
extended emission from the source galaxies.  These systems are the
obvious way to quantify the fraction of lens systems containing
massive edge-on discs, since the arcs in many SLACS lenses span a wide
range of azimuthal angle.  Once they have quantified the abundance of
massive edge-on discs, the authors should then perform Monte Carlo
calculations of quasar lenses to calculate the statistics of flux
ratio anomalies produced by these discs.  Only then can they state
whether hidden edge-on massive discs can bias observational
measurements of dark matter substructure with gravitational lens flux
ratios.
